The deep web is a scary place. 
I have always been fascinated with the idea of the deep web. I've already browsed through countless cringey experience stories, but I've always wanted to go there myself. 
I always thought the deep web was a fun place to be. I was wrong. I was so wrong. There was no way for me to be wronger. Because I was so wrong for thinking that. 

After the events I experienced throughout the past 21 days, I have realized that the deep web is not a place for normal people. 
Something happened on that particular day that changed my life. And after that my life was changed forever. 
My experience with the deep was pretty bad. And I am not joking also. 

Approxiametely 23.6 years ago, on a very very 
Once upon a time, during a 

dark, 
bright, 
spooky, 

cloudy, 
stormy, 
clear, 
rainy, 

humid 
arid 
cheerful 

day, my life changed forever. And after that day my life was never the same. What happened started with my friend. 
day, the event happened. It all started with my friend. 
day, my friend showed me something he hadn't showed anyone else. 

Slowly unzipping his hot...  steamy... leather macbook carrying case, he brought out one of his macbooks 
My friend brought out one of his macbooks 
After asking whether or not I had any black lights in the room, my friend opened his macbook 

and showed me a strange application, which supposedly could access the deep web. Since the deep web is normally inaccessible, you need an application such as this to view the deep web. The deep web can only be seen using  program such as this. 
and after closing out of a few dozen gay fanfiction sites, showed me a program able to access the deep web. 
and after finishing up his mlp deviant art drawing on ms paint, showed me an application used to access the deep web. 

I grabbed his laptop and started browsing the various torture and gore porn livestreams. 
I was hesitent at first, but before I knew it I was browsing all over and watching hardcore torture livestreams. 
Before any second thought, I snatched his macbook out of his hands and browsed through the catalog of child pornography and hardcore torture livestreams. It was like anything I had ever seen before and I was instantly hooked. I got into it right away. 

After a few hours of waiting for his macbook back, he just let me have it (since he has so many). Days, weeks, years, went by as I was browsing the most hardcore sections of the deep web. 
After the first decade of nonstop deep web exploring, I thought I might have been getting addicted. I was definitely using a lot more than I should. It was as if I was hooked. You know like drugs, it was like drugs I was all addicted. I couldn't stop. 

My addiction had gone so far I had forgotten to feed my 20 dogs and so they all died and became ghosts and haunted me or something. 
I knew I was getting carried away when I started forgetting to eat, use the restroom, and sometimes even breath. And I was soooooo smelly my neighbor was getting annoyed and told me to kill myself. I knew it was time for something to change. 

After the second decade, I couldn't find anything on the deep web to satisfy me. I needed more. Nothing was enough for me. What I really needed was something new to satisfy me. 
After the second decade, I realized I needed more than just torture livestreams to satisfy me needs. I needed more. Nothing was enough. And then, I had an idea. 

Before I could do anything else, my unwatched copy of Spy Kids 3D came to life and grabbed a knife from the kitchen drawer. The kitchen drawer is where I store my knifes. I also have a few spoons in there. I was running out of forks though. 
Then, without me noticing, a ghost came out from the ceiling and grabbed a knife from a soup bowl. My soup bowl is really cool because it's blue and I made it in sixth grade pottery. Or was it seventh? Also it was supposed to be purple but it wasn't. 
Then without any warning, a fire creature I think flew in through the window and grabbed a knife from a cake I was meaning to eat a decade ago. 

Weilding the knife, it stabbed me a few hundred times and then I got dead. But my nightmare was only just beggining, and so is yours because you aren't safe. Nobody is... 
Weilding the knife, it stabbed my computer. Then without my computer I realized there was no point of living, and was about to take my own life. But I couldn't. Because I was already dead.
Weilding the knife, it scooped out my eyes and peeled off my skin really slowly. But I couldn't die. because I was already dead.